okay let's take a look at the live
wallpaper feature with the Samsung
Vibrant now how you activate them is you
have to long press on the home screen so
I'll hold your finger there and it will
pop up this menu and we'll just click
wallpapers and live wallpapers and one
of my favorite ones actually will do
will do this aquarium one first but it
basically it turns your phone into an
aquarium like that you can see the fish
move around those bubbles popping up and
the color looks absolutely amazing so
we'll click set wallpaper and this will
be our background now so wherever we go
on the phone you'll see that all this is
in the background very cool alright now
we'll go to one of the other ones I like
and this one's actually you have to
download from the Android Market and
it's it's called earth rotation and I
set it up here and you can customize it
there's a ton of different settings so
you can change the globe aspect the
globe behavior and the maps you can see
right now we are going to be running a
real-time earth and cloud satellite
image and we'll just go back and let's
say set wallpaper and so you'll see here
I have all my icons set up in the top
part of the screen whereas this leaves
the bottom for the satellite image of
the earth just kind of rotating so we'll
slide left and see more icons and these
are all the different home screens it is
such an awesome experience from you know
a mobile phone perspective we can even
lock or yeah kind of like turn off the
display here by clicking the side and
turn it back on and that's what it gives
us it gives us that nice slide to unlock
screen which takes us right back to our
icon menu so it's an amazing experience
from an Android phone it's live
wallpapers on the Samsung Vibrant